Now, before we dive into any demo or any code
let's understand how React apps do talk to databases.
And as you can tell, by the title of this slide,
it's not working as you maybe thought it works
because React apps, or in general browser-side apps,
browser-side code, so JavaScript code
running in the browsers
should never directly talk to a database.
So, if you have a React app and then some kind of database,
a SQL database, a NoSQL database like MongoDB
it does not matter if you have such a database running
on some database server then, of course,
you might want to fetch and store some data
and you might wanna establish a connection,
but that's not what you should do
and that's not what you'll ever see out there in the wild
unless it's a highly insecure and bad written application.
Because if you would directly connect to a database,
if we leave a site that this will technically
be challenging, but if you would do that,
if you would directly connect to a database server
from inside your client-side, your browser-side
JavaScript code, you would expose your
database credentials in that code.
Because you must never forget that all JavaScript code
running in the browser can be accessed and read,
not just by the browser,
but also by the users of your website.
Simply open up the developer tools
and you can view all the code there.
This generally is no problem, and attached you'll find
a more detailed article and video which I created on this.
But, of course, it will become a problem
if you expose security relevant details in your code.
For example, credentials that allow access to a database.
In addition, directly connecting to a database
could also bring other problems like performance issues
but the security problem is the biggest problem of all.
So, therefore, instead of directly talking to a database
from inside your reactive code,
you always take another route.
You have a Backend application running on another machine
not running in the browser,
but running on some server out there,
maybe on the same server as the database,
often on a different server, though.
Now, this Backend application can be written
with any server-side language of your choice,
NodejS, PHP, ASP.NET, everything is possible.
And it's this Backend application
which will do the talking to the database,
because you can safely store and use database credentials
on the Backend application since that Backend code
can't be viewed by your users.
It's on a different server and the users
of your website will never see that code.
And, therefore, the reactive will then talk
to that Backend server, to that Backend API, typically,
which is a server which exposes different URLs
requests can be sent to
and we're going to see this throughout this section.
And then you have a safe connection to the database
because the credentials are on this Backend app,
and for talking to the Backend app
no security relevant details are needed.
This is how this works, and this is what we're going to see
in action in this course module.